Fix Typos Via Typos Hook (#898)
CDCgov/covid19-forecast-hub: model-metadata/README.md

### `ensemble_of_hub_models`

> A boolean value (`true` or `false`) that indicates whether a model is an ensemble specifically of other models submitted to the FluSight forecasting hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean value (`true` or `false`) that indicates whether a model is an ensemble specifically of other models submitted to the COVID-19 Forecast Hub.
```
